#summary Home of Accelerometer Simulator

= Introduction =

Accelerometer Simulator is an iPhone/iPod Touch application that transfers accelerometer data from the device to your computer using UDP protocol.

= Use cases =

The main use case for the application is to allow iPhone application developers to create applications that require accelerometer, without having to do all the debugging on the actual device. By inserting two files into their project, they can use the Accelerometer Simulator to provide accelerometer data to their application when debugging on the iPhone simulator.

Second use case is to use your iPhone accelerometer to control something else on another device (such as your MacBook or PC).

Finally you can use the receiver part and write your own data generation application to, for example, execute predefined accelerometer datasets on your application.

= Usage =

# Check-out a copy of the source into your XCode development environment
# Open the `AccSim.xcodeproj` project file
# Make changes to `Info.plist` bundle identifier to match your development certificate. This step is required to install the application on your own iPhone/iPod touch device
# Build the application, targeting iPhone device
# Run the application on the device.

The application has two views: Accelerometer and Network. The Accelerometer view looks like this

...image...

Here you can switch between the actual sensor and manual operation modes. The sliders show the current accelerometer values. In the manual mode you can slide these yourself, generating accelerometer data manually. Note that in the manual mode you can generate data that would not be possible to generate with the HW sensor.

In the second view (tap the bottom tap bar to activate) you can configure network settings.

...image...
